RTP and COYOTE VADIO
present
SUNSET
Love comes at Night
Dad!
Dad, quick!
Dad! Dad!
What's wrong, what happened?
It's the cherry trees Dad,
they're burning.
- Burning? The cherries?
- Yes, I saw it with my own eyes.
But how is that possible?
I installed a fire alarm myself.
That doesn't matter now, dad.
Quick, bring buckets,
blankets and the camera,
that place is pretty at night.
- Okay, let's go!
Here, take the blankets.
I'll bring the buckets.
Let's go,
we cannot waste any time.
I mean, maybe for putting on
some trousers, the TV might be there.
You're crazy,
can't you see this is a disaster?
Let's go!
Hurry up, let's go!
Sebastião,
João ran out of water, go help him!
We are out of water, boss.
Go to the warehouse
and bring some reeds.
Use everything you can,
everything!
My God. It's like watching our life
going up in flames.
But how could this have happened?
The cherry trees have a fire alarm.
I saw António installing them
in every tree.
Quicker, damn it!
Quicker!
There are no more buckets, sir.
Take the truck
and go to a Chinese store.
Right now, boss? It's 4 am
and I don't like to drive at night.
Go, man, go!
Joaquim, stop smoking
and go help your son, who's on fire.
Put Nuno out!
Who in the hell comes to a fire
with a feather jacket?
That's it, burn.
Burn everything.
Damn,
it got stuck in my throat.
António!
- Jesus Christ.
- António!
We are lost.
Lance corporal,
they set the shrimp on fire!
Lance corporal, sir!
Antunes! Someone!
Tito Paris Command.
This is C4Pedro station.
I am requesting a bombardment
in the coordinates
Echo, Parrot, Salamander, Adele,
Moss, Celine.
I repeat:
Echo, Hart, McGraw,
Lassie, Netflix...
Charlie, Bravo,
Madonna, T-Mobile...
- Dad!
António, react, man!
- React, man!
- I am sorry, boss.
I will take care of this.
Don't worry.
I know how to guide these men.
My life won't be ruined
by another fire.
You there, attention, everyone!
Three groups.
The first throws water.
The others fill the buckets.
Agostinho,
build an anti-fire barrier with the goats.
Alves, you go and order pizzas
for everyone,
we will be here all night.
How did it go?
Half the cherry trees were saved,
thank God.
Thank God and António.
If it wasn't for him, ordering the men
and handing out pizzas,
I don't know what would've happened
to the estate.
- Thank you, António.
- Thank you, boss.
I just did my job.
And if only you had warned me
sooner,
maybe I could have saved
Alcino's son's moustache.
That's right.
It will grow back,
by the grace of the Lord.
Everybody was a hero.
All but uncle, who I didn't see...
That's true.
Where were you, Simão?
Me? I was in a Latin dance
online course.
- At 2 am?
- It's the time zone.
Miss Sapatón lives in Caracas.
Funny how you are never there when
something bad happens at the estate.
Have you thought
that maybe things go wrong
precisely because I am not around,
Eduardo?
Are you insinuating that I am
not managing the estate well?
The air belongs to everyone...
You are a crook,
you have always been a crook!
You will pay for...
You will pay for this, Eduardo.
Mark my words:
You will pay for this.
- Is everything okay, boss?
- Dad?
No, everything's okay.
It was probably the lamprey,
it's not in season...
- Dad!
- Boss!
- Eduardo!
- Boss, what's wrong?
Maria da Piedade, call 911!
Warm up a pot of water
and bring fresh towels.
- Isn't that for giving birth?
Just do what I say, woman.
Go on!
Sir, come on.
- Dad!
- Come on!
Dad!
- ... and when I got there, it was closed.
- Right...
Because I had to go
to the supermarket
and to the doctor to see
if my son's cyst was malignant.
I see...
But I don't care.
What's more important:
my sushi or your son's cyst?
- But it could've been malignant...
- Shut up! Get out.
Carla, what's wrong?
I hate women who go to
the supermarket. Leave her.
That's all she does:
cry and staple invoices.
You cannot treat the girl like that.
She lives in Massamá.
Tell me.
Remember the lab
specialising in orphan's DNA,
in Benedita?
- They just faxed me.
- A fax?
- It's in Benedita...
- And what did they find out?
Filipa...
You have a twin sister.
A twin sister?
What's up, Vera?
Have you seen it?
Yeah.
The story with our rehearsal
is being seen everywhere.
Even Marques Mendes shared it.
I will smoke a joint to celebrate.
- Come on, man.
- What?
- What was our agreement?
- Was it my turn to bring ramen?
- No, that you would stop it.
- What's the deal with you?
I'm not an addict,
I can stop whenever I want.
- So stop now.
- Are you serious? On a Friday?
- What's up, people?
- Have you heard, Jimmy?
Yes. Damn...
Greta Thurnberg's
having a baby with Zé Fidalgo.
No, man. Our story.
- Haven't you seen it?
- No, I don't have mobile data.
- I'm getting poorer by the day.
- We are a success on social media!
Even Graça Freitas shared it.
Man, you have to find a job.
You can't live like this.
You think it's easy for a vegan
to find work?
There's lots of discrimination.
They ask right away.
- Can't you lie?
- You think?
The dudes are not stupid.
The first thing they do
is to put meat in front of you.
- Think positive.
If our band succeeds, maybe
none of us will have to work again,
like those youtubers, and stuff,
but with normal hair.
- Yes, that'd be neat!
- I'll call Lourenço to ask if he saw it.
Everything's an excuse
to call Lourenço...
Dudes, leave me alone.
Get off my back.
Sunset
Easy, easy.
Put me down there.
Here, here.
- I will warn your dad.
- No! Don't tell him, Narciso.
I'm fine,
I don't want to worry him.
- Are you sure?
- Yes, I'm used to burns.
- I weld with my shirt off.
- A glass of milk?
No, nothing.
Go on, you can go.
As you wish, boy.
Hello?
Vera?
What?
The story that Matilde filmed
of our rehearsal went viral
and is being shared
and Graça Freitas liked it?
- Let me call you back.
- Lourenço!
- I'll call you back.
- Son!
What happened, son?
I...
I was trying to put out a fire,
a cherry slipped inside my shirt
and set me on fire.
- That's awful.
- I'll get toothpaste and after-sun cream.
My God...
I was so worried, Lourenço...
Matilde,
I think I owe you an apology.
I'm sorry?
I didn't hear.
I owe you an apology.
- Idiot, what a scare.
- I caught you watching porn?
No, it's a Spanish website
with products for bacterial vaginosis.
They cost a fortune here.
Here.
You like it full, yes?
How do you know that?
What's wrong with Filipa, Raul?
She's weird. She left early,
she ordered a mille-feuille...
She heard tough news.
She found out she has a twin sister.
- Why does she treat me so badly?
- You have to cut her some slack.
Filipa had a difficult past.
She was brought up at a nunnery,
had early dandruff,
exchange student in Cacém...
Real trauma.
There are more people
with traumatic lives, Raul.
Carla...
- Where are you going?
- I have to rinse my mouth with elixir,
because I smoke a lot at night,
when I'm watching the game show.
- Carla, do you have plans for tonight?
- Disinfecting the balcony. Why?
My stepdad is making dinner
to celebrate something and...
I would like you
to come dine with us.
So, Ramalho, is your
stepdaughter 18 already?
Better get ready, because she's
like an airplane with two airbags...
Look who he is, this trickster!
Are you out or on bail?
Now don't try to send
pictures of your carrot
to your sister-in-law.
Felt!
- Tó Mané, give me 20 Euros.
- As if.
Don't you have classes, half pint?
I skipped to look at babes
at the mall.
Then I will give you 5.
If you're going to look at babes...
There you go,
today's a happy day.
- Weasel...
- Go on. Pretending to be big...
You're a weasel!
Weasel!
Blessed afternoon,
working class!
I thought the Chinese
might've given me a...
- Nando...
- Tó Mané, did you fall off the bed?
Shut up, fado singer.
Go trick brits.
Serafim, how's it going?
All ready for today's dinner?
Are the lobsters sweating
or are they still warming up?
For you it's lupine beans without salt.
- And there's no more money.
- Look at this one.
Did you wake up in a mood?
Have I ever failed to pay?
No, I did.
Everyone knows that
if you paid Serafim your dues,
the man would have money
to get two hotties.
This one, with two?
No way.
Not even with Viagra.
You'll allow this?
Don't worry,
the start engine is brand new.
It even drives on the second shift.
Or you think so,
but you're going on reverse.
That's enough.
He'll check it with the mechanic.
Add one more seat,
Raul is bringing a friend.
But don't cut down on the plates,
today is a feast.
But did you secretly win the lottery?
What's the dinner for anyway?
Don't try to know more than me.
And you, hurry up,
we'll be here by 7 pm.
- Goodbye.
- See you.
Tó Mané.
New stuff.
- Are you in a lot of pain?
- No, it's just a Lego piece on the bum.
Your dad left
with a bad look on his face.
You know he doesn't like
seeing us together.
I know.
But forget about him.
I am sorry, Matilde.
I shouldn't have reacted
the way I did.
I forgive you, Lourenço.
I'll forgive you anything.
I know you meant well
with the stories,
And it was good for the band.
Promise me
we will never fight again.
I can't do that, Matilde.
You know I misbehave when I drink.
Shut up, I don't care.
Kiss me.
kiss me with tongue.
- I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
- No, come on.
- So?
- It's 6:30 pm.
I can still watch
"The Price is Right".
And how are you?
Better. But I still feel pain
in my chest.
- What kind of pain?
- It's as if my chest was hurting.
Do you want me
to look it up online?
It's not worth it, Madalena,
Rodrigo should be here soon.
What's wrong with you,
Eduardo?
All of a sudden
Dr. Rodrigo is always here.
What are you hiding from me,
are you sick?
- May I?
- Come in, Rodrigo.
- Hello, Rodrigo.
- Hello.
I'm sorry,
I really have to take this call.
What's up, old friend?
I was surfing in Peniche,
but I came here as soon as I heard.
Thank you, my friend.
What happened?
I got aggravated
because of my brother.
Eduardo, I told you before.
The two worst things for a person
with a heart sigh
is getting aggravated
and drinking water laying down.
I know, Rodrigo.
You told me before,
and I confirmed it on Yahoo!,
but life is what it is...
Yes, that's true.
Well...
Luckily, I have good news.
Your heart transplant is booked.
Really?
And when is it?
Thank you, Father Vitó.
I'm relieved.
Talking to you
is always good for me.
You can't imagine the stability
you brought to my life.
Before I met you,
this would only go away with pills
and "Inspetor Max" binge watching.
Yes, don't worry,
I will transfer the money
to buy the cigarette machine
for the sacristy.
And congratulations again on your
podcast for left-handed people.
We need more initiatives like that
in Portugal.
Yeah, man, doing the sun salute!
Careful with the pulled muscles, man.
Watch out.
What's up, you guys?
- Look, look.
- Man.
- Relax, everything's fine.
- Are you okay, man?
Everything's okay guys,
it was just an accident.
Working with cherries
is not for the faint of heart.
Is there anything you need?
- No, I...
- I didn't talk to you!
Come on, stop being silly.
You're like twenty-year-olds.
Sorry,
it's just that we're hyped.
- What are we celebrating?
- We've been invited to play
in a morning show on TV!
Are we playing
in the morning show?
Yeah.
Right after the yoga for divorcees.
- And this is all because of my story?
- No.
It's because of our talent.
Your story is worthless
without our talent, goody two shoes.
- What's that for?
- I don't know.
But I feel bad if I'm doing nothing.
My Eduardo.
- Who are you?
- Criminal Police.
I'm inspector Paula
and he's inspector Ivo.
- Criminal Police.
- I've said that.
- Criminal Police? At this hour?
- We're investigating the fire.
- There are suspicions of arson.
- Suspicions?
- Rumours.
- Rumours?
Sayings.
Anyway, we investigated with
the people dressed in white jumpsuits
and the results are inconclusive.
- We didn't find lighters.
So, if it was arson,
it was very well done.
The most likely scenario
is a lightning hitting a tree
or a short-circuit in a cherry.
- What's going on here?
- Nothing, everything's okay.
If you need anything,
send us a messenger pigeon,
because our system is out.
- I will walk you out.
- Good afternoon.
- Thank you, inspectors.
- Are you better, dad?
- Yes, everything's fine.
Don't worry, daddy.
My God.
I have been putting that
on his head.
- What for?
- Is everyone a doctor here?
You put it on him, then.
Don't worry,
your mother's afraid of losing me.
But you will be okay, right?
Of course I will, of course.
It's just my heart.
Filipa, you have a twin sister.
You have a twin sister.
You have a...
I'm sorry!
Filipa? You have a twin sister.
You have a twin sister.
Sunset
Tó Mané.
For you to be paying for dinner,
there has to be something more
to it.
I am warning you that you're not
winning the lottery tonight.
- Mum...
- What?
Just because you brought your
girlfriend to dinner
I have to be fancy?
- What girlfriend?
I was born and raised here.
My teachers were the market sellers
and Cornélia.
It's fine by me.
I am from Massamá, so...
One more serving
of "innards à la sissy".
Careful, it's super hot.
Wait a bit.
Before the wine
takes hold of me,
I want to tell you why
I have organised this dinner.
Speeches?
Are you a politician now?
You're good at stealing,
but you're missing the diploma.
- Shut up.
- Let me hear, mum.
So here's the deal:
there's a date for my divorce,
so this little bird with shorts
is ready to leave the cage.
- Nice going, Tó Mané.
- Finally!
Congratulations.
Since we are all here together,
I...
- I...
- Let it out, man!
I will hang myself again.
Ivone, look here...
Serafim,
please turn on the AC.
Ivone.
Will you marry me?
- Are you kidding me?
- I'm serious!
Can't you see me
kneeling like I'm injured?
Get up, the food is getting cold.
- Give him a kiss, mum.
- I'll give him what he wants tonight.
I'm sorry, everyone.
There are people here.
- Come here...
- You're so crazy.
- Come here, Ivone.
- Mané, I can't.
You tricked me
and now you're stuck with me.
Tó Mané.
- Let me go, Tó Mané.
- Long live the engaged couple!
Tó Mané, let her go, come on.
Let's have a toast.
- You're so silly.
- Let's have a toast, come on.
Tó Mané.
- Long live the engaged couple.
- I wasn't expecting this, Tó Mané.
- Madalena?
- António, I didn't see you coming.
Can't sleep, right?
No, too much stuff in my head.
Let me guess...
It's the daughter
that we abandoned, right?
That we killed, António.
Let's not sugar-coat it.
Madalena...
Madalena,
how could we have known
that the boat was going to explode?
The signs were there.
The smell of gas,
the sparks in the generator,
the bonfire in the deck...
We didn't want to see it.
It's been 30 years, Madalena.
You have to get over it.
Get over it?
How can you, António?
I think about the other daughter I had
every single night.
Another daughter?
Who's there?
Cable services!
Translation and Subtitling
INÊS FERNANDES
RTP - Production